add links to educational and open-source sponsorship plans (#76)
localstack/localstack.github.io: content/open-source-sponsorship/index.md

---
title : "Open Source Sponsorship"

> description: "Open-Source projects and maintainers can avail 12-months free access to LocalStack Pro to support the development, testing, and adopting of open-source projects"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Open-Source projects and maintainers can avail 12-months free access to LocalStack Pro to support the development, testing, and adoption of open-source projects"
```

date: 2022-11-15
lastmod: 2020-11-15
draft: false
images: []
---

LocalStack is built on several third-party open-source software and toolings. We are committed to supporting the open-source community and offer free access to LocalStack Pro to open-source projects and maintainers. LocalStack allows you to run and test your open-source projects in a fully functional local AWS cloud stack on your laptop or in a continuous integration environment. We are committed to assisting developers in adopting LocalStack to accelerate the development of their cloud-native open-source projects.

To obtain sponsorship for a project, confirm that the criteria below are satisfied. Moving forward, contact us at [info@localstack.cloud](mailto:info@localstack.cloud) with an email detailing your open-source project and the reason for requesting sponsorship.

## Eligibility criteria

> We have some minor eligibility criteria for open-source projects to be eligible for sponsorship. Please confirm that the following criteria are satisfied:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We define the following criteria for open-source projects to be eligible for sponsorship:
```

> - The project should be open-source and available on a publically accessible repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The project should be open-source and available on a publicly accessible repository.
```

- The project should be non-commercial and not-for-profit.
- The project should have a LocalStack banner in the source repository's `README` file or on the documentation.
- The project should have a link to [LocalStack](https://localstack.cloud/) on the project's `README` file or the website.

> If your project meets the terms of this eligibility criteria, don't hesitate to contact us at the above mail address. To renew your license, please send us a reminder mail on the same mail thread to allow us to renew your license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project meets the terms of these eligibility criteria, don't hesitate to contact us at the above mail address. To renew your license, please send us a reminder mail on the same mail thread to allow us to renew your license.
```
